Update documentation for release 1.2.0 (#83)
conduktor/conduktor-platform: doc/Configuration.md

- `clusters.ignoreUntrustedCertificate` : (optional) skip SSL certificate validation
- `clusters.bootstrapServers` : list of host:port for your Kafka brokers
- `clusters.zookeeperServer` : (optional)
- `clusters.properties` : any cluster configuration properties. See docs.
- `schemaRegistry` (optional)  Configuration parameters if using schema registry
- `schemaRegistry.id` : string used to uniquely identify your schema registry
- `schemaRegistry.url` : the schema registry URL
- `schemaRegistry.ignoreUntrustedCertificate` : (optional) skip SSL certificate validation
- `schemaRegistry.properties` : any schema registry configuration parameters
- `schemaRegistry.security` (optional)
- `schemaRegistry.security.username` : Basic auth username
- `schemaRegistry.security.password` : Basic auth password
- `kafkaConnects` : (optional)
- `kafkaConnects.id` : string used to uniquely identify your Kafka Connect
- `kafkaConnects.url` : the Kafka connect URL
- `kafkaConnects.security` : (optional)
- `kafkaConnects.security.username` : Basic auth username
- `kafkaConnects.security.password` : Basic auth password 

> - `jmxScrapePort` : JMX-exporter port used to scrap cluster metrics for monitoring. (optional, `9101` by default)
> - `nodeScrapePort` : node-exporter port used to scrap cluster metrics for monitoring. (optional, `9100` by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `jmxScrapePort` : JMX-exporter port used to scrape kafka broker metrics for monitoring. (optional, `9101` by default)
- `nodeScrapePort` : node-exporter port used to scrape kafka host metrics for monitoring. (optional, `9100` by default)
```
